# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 31ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 29ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 29ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 29ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 30ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 19ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 20ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

